# BeMyEye2
Be My eye version 0.1
Being differently abled means that you have to face additional challenges that others might not but that doesn't mean that it should halt you on your path to success.
Education, in one way or the another, is important for everyone to achieve their goals in life. Having a platform which can aid the differently abled in achieving their goals as well as inspire and encourage others to achieve higher and higher in life can be crucial for the growth of human society as a whole.
There is a growing awareness among parents, teachers, blind youth, and the adult blind community that the education which blind children are receiving is failing them. They are not receiving a quality education which can prepare them to compete in the demanding high tech economy and society of the 21st Century. They are not learning to use and trust the alternative techniques which blind people must have if they are to be successful. They are not developing positive attitudes toward their blindness which is so essential to them if they are to become mature, responsible, productive adults.
Every child, including those with disabilities, deserves a quality education that respects and promotes his or her right to dignity and the development of their full potential. Access to quality education is a fundamental right that should be provided to all human beings. In the past, education for children with disabilities was provided by private institutions, if it was even provided at all. Children with disabilities throughout the world have been excluded from mainstream society. In many countries, children with disabilities were and still are sent away and isolated from society. Many countries have their children with profound disabilities attend separate schools instead of their local community school. The education of children with diverse backgrounds and abilities.


The proposed solution:

Our approach to help the differently abled is to create a platform for the differently abled to be able to get better education as well as provide better education by creating Audio, Video and Braille supported lectures and study materials as well as creating the environment in such a way that it is accessible through most screen readers and other software that aid the differently abled in accessing the Internet.
